yesterday I say something about team and
maybe he got pissed off I don't know in
the interviewer just important general
like yeah maybe he watch my interview
well team liquid continues its racing
train down the tracks of the NA LCS here
week three with coverage presented by
Omni slash joined by Olay who I don't
believe I've ever interviewed before
have I interviewed you before never I
think our first meeting was that our
dinner at Shake Shack by oh by the way I
do a show called hotline League and on
that show I made something called the
Shake Shack prophecy because people
asked me will teamliquid do okay and I
said I'm worried about doublelift anole
because at Shake Shack
doublelift did not get Olli french fries
and Olli was very upset so I thought
their communication would not be very
good do you remember that things
improved since then oh yeah
I don't know today he didn't hug me he
didn't give me shakes I don't know I was
like I just ask him why don't you hug me
why don't you keep taking your hand and
be just him whatever and he just go
there I just this is the soap opera of
the season I think it's like the Olay
double lift
it's very there's a lot of tension I
feel like hurry all right and I saw
Avila's interview with you yesterday
where she was asking about if doublelift
is being nice to you you were saying
devilish was being nice to you but now
he's not hugging you so it's is it
getting bad again I don't know she got
pissed off I I don't I don't know for
what happened maybe or maybe Bonnie's
here and then maybe he's just sure I
don't hug anyone except you I don't know
what happened what's going on he has
girlfriend I have girlfriend so yeah
this is single life single life I'm
sorry
how speaking of that I watched episode 1
of squad and at the end of that double
lifted a dating application for you has
that been going okay I guess a message
okay oh dear oh dear it's very good
I don't think it worked well you're
gonna find love
yeah because like there are many traps
there are lots of random people and for
one fish me like oh you know at fishing
yes also afraid of many people and I
just okay and I just kind of practice
just practice I've done with this stuff
it's a good idea how do you think the
botlane synergy is going between you and
I left like how would you rank your bot
lane versus other bot lanes oh I think
as a both do i I don't feel like we want
to lose to be two for sure maybe
although we have bad
maybe match up we can stay ok 5050 and
we will always find a way to turn the
table like maybe our team fights better
ok Lane just go 5050 the win team fight
I think we always find a way to use our
champion wheel so I think that's our
strength okay well that's good glad to
hear that and with with Team Liquid
where how do you feel because right now
you guys are tied 100 thieves look good
echo fox looks good
who else yeah TSM looks good where do
you think you are over some of these top
teams Oh cloud 9
I think all cloud 9 is really strong and
one that seems like I didn't feel that
we are we have we I don't know I don't
feel like we had to lose like we were
winning some way but we couldn't win the
side wave and we we had to just lose but
I feel like we always we are literally
potential team and we can just beat
every team I think we just need to focus
on ourself not like oh no means strong
we have to prepare something not like
they I'm gonna force them to prepare
something not like we have to prepare so
yeah that's our strategy how do you feel
about tomato right now because I keep
asking all these pro players about them
and lots of them are very upset by it
some of them not so much so how do you
feel about the meta I think or do I
complain to Rio I cannot change I'm just
prepared so the best way is like I just
served Raya like why you're just like oh
you guys have to play like that and
they're just okay god I'm gonna follow
and they just follow it because
they are cut off this case so just
follow and then just try to be the best
in the meta I think now support is kind
of okay because everyone has to get 500
core to get word and then maybe some
time you don't need to buy size stone
then you can buy something different
item like today I buy tear rhetoric like
because I have extra cord yeah it's up
to that person's strategy so it's okay
that's okay follow riot over hate it
doesn't matter what if they made a
terrible meta you would just follow
right it would be okay like what can I
get you could only play Nami and that
was it other three champions all get
banned and then the you can't pick any
others and you could only play Nami
almost Nami Guardian Brazil okay so
you'd like that okay Soraka whatever you
could only play Soraka so I'll call and
maybe just give here too
doublelift he would carry me okay so it
doesn't matter you're okay it's okay all
right
hey one thing that was really fun for me
is you did not get a much attention when
you were on immortals you know now I
feel like a lot of people are talking
about Olay you've got interviews going
more and more do you why is that you is
that just teamliquid is putting you more
out there are you more comfortable now
is it doublelift like kind of dragging
you along in his wake and making you
famous what's going on I think many
things happen together like last year
was really bad in all the time so people
just they all truly but times going well
and then maybe I start to play well and
then we went to final and then people
start to notice me and then this year
people know oh oh you were maybe
candidate of MVP and they all you are
playing with ee who is really famous
like everyone is like I don't know many
good thing happened to me and one of
studio insyndicate they're just like
philosophers I don't know they just post
what I like how I sing and something
might not happen I think many many
question happened to my life so I'm
really happy okay you're happy right now
yeah what is what is your relationship
with double if these days like is
everything going
going okay we can't talk about this at
the beginning the interview but one of
the things that I heard was that you
were kind of like a fan of his before
you played with him is that true oh I
think like when I was just amateur like
I watched some Wurster game
I remember the doublet was playing with
my drive and my drive was like kind of
God at the time I was so mad I was
good all he plays ratio I like
to play stretch and he was playing with
of live at the time and I was war he's
really good and I watch his pain and I
know long yeah I like him and that's it
okay so you just remember him from back
then yeah when I was like really I'm not
sure what did you think of doublelift
before you joined Team Liquid like and
immortals time oh I think I talked I
talked with him
when I met him at first time because my
one Taiwanese manager was really fan of
doublelift and I asked him to take a
video hey Tommy can you take a video
with me she really loved you and her
account name is like her name and
doublelift wife let's take a video and
then he was like okay why not he was
really nice to me so he I liked him okay
but and now is he the same person do you
think that you know that you know more
oh it's hard kitchen okay it's very hard
question
oh I don't know he yesterday I say
something about him and maybe he got
pissed off I don't know in the
interviewer just important general like
yeah maybe he watched my interview I
don't know and then people like left
comment on his Twitter don't believe led
the baby hiccup I don't know even don't
look at me sometimes I just like what
the why are you ignore me oh I love
I love this relationship Peter has never
had somebody in his life who's like like
got this dynamic with it so you're
uh-huh are you much younger than
doublelift
no only one year only one here I feel
like you guys have like older brother
little brother thing where he likes you
but then you annoy him and then you
don't know why you annoyed him and then
he's like no you can't hang out it's
just very funny yeah
I don't know it's not funny to my life
sorry sorry Olli is there anything that
you want to say to any of the fans out
there Oh
nowadays I start to make a look yeah for
my fans
I yeah I hope people like my blog
because I'm trying my best but yeah the
quality is really bad
okay please think of me you should talk
to one up Studios you know Damian yeah
he's really good well tell Damian to
help you with your vlog oh yeah but he
seems to be really busy I don't know he
came home Travis said help me with the
vlog and he'll do it Oh trust me he'll
do it thank you so much for the
interview ole a really great to talk to
you and happy that this was our first
interview I looking forward to many more
interviews in the future for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I know I know
you wanted the avila outro and instead
you're getting this one but guess what
if you subscribe not only will you get
more LCS interviews brought to you by
Omni slash but you also might have a
chance of getting the avila outro in the
future so you should definitely do that